In a previous tutorial, I told you, what is the spring framework?
What is our project outline and what we are going to do in this COVID 19 cases tracker application using
Java.
So we are going with spring application and we already have seen how we already created the spring initialize
or part and each and everything.
So I downloaded zip file from that part with Spring Initialize and I'm going to open it.
So for the opening idea, basically this is our IDE, this is front page of IDE.
What I'm going to do, I'm going to click open here.
Once this is click open, you can see all the things.
So this is my application, which is I downloaded the zip file, I extracted the zip file and this is
my application.
I'm clicking.
Okay here.
So you can say this in browser and loading room.
So trust this project first.
As I'm opening the third party project.
As you can see, I have to mention this IntelliJ idea.
Interestingly intelligent is very intelligent.
It will load all the components, adding the dependencies and etc. etc. It will take care of it.
So my idea is opening currently, so it will take time to opening me.
The current thing.
So let us check first.
So it's our project is my main project.
So it will take time to load each and everything.
Once it is loaded.
I will tell you what we are going to do here, basically.
So now you can.
It closed its doors.
Now you can see everything here.
So this is our project and I'm going to package a small post.
So it is taking time to load everything here.
It will take time to load each and everything.
Once this is done, you can get your everything.
You are only.
So let me check to my that part also.
It contains contains everything.
They're only.
So it is taking time to load each and everything because as you can see, there is loading but also
there.
While this is loading, I will explain the PGP part.
We can see the thing I'm going to explain this here is spring work.
So as I told you, spring is a lightweight framework for your development and it's a framework of frameworks
for different things.
So inversion of control.
IOC What is the inversion of control?
Before any projects you have seen actually.
These are using some what we can say system enabled dependencies.
We are adding libraries manually.
But in this thing, what we can do, we can inject our libraries in XML.
It is basically properties XML.
You can say.
So this is all about how we are going to do this.
Also let us check what is the design patterns in removing the dependencies?
Consider this example.
It's easier to maintain and test also.
I see this is class employees address.
Address is another thing and I'm assigning employee address to this part.
So it is basically direct dependency of between we can employ and at this.
So this is very tight coupling I'm displaying directly.
So what happens if I'm having error in address then there is a error in employee class.
Also, if there is a Iranian employee class, then error address class also.
But I can maintain both applications separate.
I can run, employ separately, I can run, address separately if there are no runtime errors.
So this is all about how we are going to do this.
So let us check what is the basic thing in this is or.
It's basically tight coupling scenario.
But using inversion control, what we can do, we can use dependency injection.
What is the dependency injection in this?
We can add dependencies with some XML tags in XML, so it will download that dependencies from the net.
Or we can say that's a real time thing you can do.
So this is all about how we can do this.
But what is the importance of this?
What is the advantages of disease?
It makes God loosely curable.
And let me tell you what is the loosely coupled.
First, as you can see, class employees address employees, employee address, address.
So I'm making another variable for them.
So what it will do it will copy that.
It is copy that.
It's secure in copy.
So I'm copying that address using this keyword.
So now there is no direct dependency, we can say.
We can use the address part here and we are putting here and that employee is also satisfying this address.
So if there is an employee, we can run address class or vice versa.
If there is an error in address class, we can execute at least employee class.
So this is a very good practice file.
Developing any app news coupling.
Do not maintain a tight coupling while you are developing a software.
There are two terms are used tight coupling and loose coupling while writing the object part.
So what we can say object chart.
There are some maintain we can say for the tight coupling like you have some security purpose on line
authentication or two.
Basically you need tight coupling there because it's very crucial, important for each and every username.
There should be unique password or we can say of each and every username should be unique for that purpose
you can use tight coupling but.
In such cases, collecting the data, representing a data data visualization.
In Java, we can use loose couplings.
So this is the basic thing of loose coupling.
In spring framework I use the container which is which is basically inversion of control.
I use a container is responsible for inject the dependency.
Just injecting the dependency.
No need to use direct library.
While we are not using the library, we need to download it.
Then we need to specify the path each and etc..
Instead of this, what you can do, you can just do.
Or some on downloading that part.
No downloading will take buy ID ID will check everything dependency it will download dependency on etc..
What we do, we provide the only metadata of to the container that XML file or annotation.
We can use annotations there and we can proceed with metadata.
So advantages of dependency injection is it makes code loosely, so it is easier to contain and makes
code easy to test as our testing purpose is very important while developing any app or we required one
thing or we don't want to test it again and again.
We need to maintain the loose oligopoly.
If I'm not developed til employee class, we can say there are two classes we need to maintain, employ
and address.
Consider the scenario we want to implement such part.
But unfortunately, while testing purpose or due to time constraint, I cannot consider the employee
class.
I don't want to focus on employee class.
I just want to test address class.
This is a unit testing case basically.
So for that purpose we can use address class only or we can run address class when it is loosely coupled.
So this is basically of efficiency of dependency injection.
So in these only, I'm going to explain how we are going to dependency inject and I'm using CC data
which is basically comma separated files data or as you know, the XML things also.
And in Excel thing also, we can store that data in the CSP format, which is basically commercial associated
format.
So I'm going to use dependency to produce it as a tabular manner.
Or we can say header manner, rule manner.
So for that purpose I'm using, I'm going to use one free dependency, we can say Apache dependency
for that purpose.
And further videos, I'm going to explain that.
So this is all about how we are going to do this.
So take time to download each and everything.
If it's your first time like me only I just you can see this is my output and you can say this is loading
so it will take time to load each and etc. So give the time to ID to load everything.
You're seeing the data.
It will take a huge amount of time as this is my main project, it's not a simple end project.
It will take time for load each and everything.
If this is your first time project, as I deleted everything related to my in my system, it takes time
to download everything so you can check here.
This is downloading and you can share the index libraries.
You can check each and everything here.
So give it give the time to this.
Meanwhile, while this time I will check this also which plugin plugins is downloading, which is basically
this is Android Jar files.
Then some Mavin library is also downloading because these are files are using, so it will take time.
So meanwhile this project let us see the why we are going with some.
Spitting application.
Why we are not deploying using servlet application.
Yes, we can do it servlet.
But what is the disadvantage of servlet you need?
Instead of using spring, you need one dedicated server.
You need to deploy that.
Second thing spring is a framework so you can use hibernate and all the dependencies directly inside
this.
So it is a dependency already contained dependencies things in spring framework.
Third, most disadvantage of servlet is you have to run it again and again.
If JSP is there, you have to reload it at least.
And one more thing is there is no dependency injection conception servlet.
You can use servlet concepts and see what we can say.
Spring Framework.
I'm telling the servlet concepts like creating an HTML file, deploying in that HTML, but you can use
the solid part, but for the main thing or the total back end thing we need to require.
When the spring framework.
And third most thing, it's a purely Java thing.
You can use some HTTP libraries and you're going to work with that in the servlet.
You have to invoke that servlet HTTP response request class.
And this is very rudimentary technically, I can say, and it is very old technique to fetch the data
requests the data from the database or we can say server instead of this, we can use this.
This is most advanced thing plus.
So as I told you, it uses struts, hibernate, JJP, IGP.
These are the basic frameworks for developing any web application.
So spring framework is very helpful.
Plus Spring Frameworks provides the security, spring boot each and etc..
So these are the multiple types of spring things inside this.
As I told you, we already while developing a any or we are initializing that thing we already installed
some direct dependencies like spring day, then spring HTML for accessing the HTML files and each everything.
Also we added spring web application dependency also there.
So it will be very helpful for doing this.
Advantages of what we can bring.
Redefine templates.
Spitting Premier provides template for GBC, Hibernian GP technologies, so no need to require or to
write from scratch.
If you are invoking gdb file it will directly due to some code related to that and these are some basic,
basic steps of these technologies.
So let us make one example of glib stability.
You don't need to write a code for exception handling, creating connection, creating statements,
committing transaction, closing connection.
So is already invoke that or we can say string framework already contains that part to require directly
queries.
So you need to write a code to executing queries only.
So it saves a lot of GDB code.
Segmenting loose coupling.
As I told you, what is the loose coupling in dependency injection?
The spring applications are loosely coupled because it's dependency injected.
We are using dependency injection.
We are going to specify our libraries in what we can say form XML, property XML and it will use that
part on it.
Again, it is easy to test.
So I will tell you why it is easy to test the dependency injection makes easier to test application
as true.
So the application runs requires a server to run application.
But our sprint framework doesn't require a server.
We can invoke or check our application in our what we can say command prompt only if it's working or
not or if I'm going to deploy on a web.
So I need to require your server.
But Apache is already server given in the what we can say spring framework defined pre defined.
So we need to just call it so it is very helpful to deploy this on the server.
So.
Let us check my ID.
As you can see, this is very.
As you can see, shared indexes are downloaded each and everything.
And as you can see, Spring Framework is also doing this work.
Here you can see spring plug in.
Here is my when each and everything is installed now.
So let me minimize this part.
So before going further.
Let me check my ID or we can see what I'm going to check here is basically project structure.
I'm going to go going to project structure because I mentioned your 16th version.
If my application runs on another version, you have to check that.
So go to Project Check Project SDK.
So let me zoom on this first.
This project.
Project is this.
So I'm using this only project SDK.
Click, click, enter.
So that's what you can do if you want to change it.
Anything extra, you can mention that also.
So this is all about how we are going with this project.
So in further thing, I'm going to explain how we are proceeding with this application specifies.
So this is just how we can invoke our import project in our ID before going to project.
Let me tell you what I'm going to specify.
I'm.
Let me open the packages, man.
Not only because I want to check the packages, man.
So inside the searching, I'm going to explain something here.
So let us check for further things.
How I'm going to explain each and everything.